<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?> 
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
    <body>
        <ui:composition template="./WEB-INF/templates/global.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="title" value="DoorBox - Privacy Policy"/>
            <ui:param name="metaDescription" value="DoorBox Privacy"/>
            <ui:param name="metaKeywords" value="doorbox, privacy policy"/>
            <ui:define name="content">
                <main class="wrapper main-content" role="main">
                    <b>Privacy Statement</b>
<br/>
<br/>
This privacy Statement discloses the privacy practices for thedoorbox.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
<br/>
<br/>
• What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.<br/>
• What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.<br/>
• The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.<br/>
• How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.<br/>
• Information Collection, Use, and Sharing<br/>
<br/>
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
<br/>
<br/>
We will use your email address to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to provide the DoorBox service (e.g. to install your DoorBox or contact you about your DoorBox subscription.)
<br/>
<br/>
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new features, products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
<br/>
<br/>
<b>Contacting Us</b>
<br/>
For any questions concerning your account, you may reach us by email at info@thedoorbox.com or by phone at (647) 946-5410. For questions specifically concerning this Privacy Statement, or our use of your personal information, cookies or similar technologies, please contact us by email at info@thedoorbox.com.
<br/>
<br/>
Alternatively, you can write to us at the following address: The DoorBox, Loft 106, 90 Sherborne St, Toronto, ON, M5A 2R1., Attention: Privacy.
<br/>
<br/>
Please note that if you contact us to assist you, for your safety and ours we may need to authenticate your identity before fulfilling your request.
<br/>
<br/>
<b>Your Access to and Control Over Information</b>
<br/>
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
<br/>
   • See what data we have about you, if any.<br/>
   • Change/correct any data we have about you.<br/>
   • Have us delete certain data we have about you.<br/>
   • Express any concern you have about our use of your data.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Security</b>
<br/>
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
<br/>
<br/>
Wherever we collect sensitive information, such as your credentials and address, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon in the address bar your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
<br/>
<br/>
We do not collect credit card information; credit card information is passed through to a PCI-compliant third-party processor.
<br/>
<br/>
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
<br/>
<br/>
<b>Updates</b>
<br/>
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (647) 946-5410 or via email at info@thedoorbox.com.
<br/>
<br/>
<b>Registration</b>
<br/>
In order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
<br/>
If you take and fill orders on your site, insert a paragraph like this in your privacy policy: 
<br/>
<br/>
<b>Orders</b>
<br/>
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
<br/>
<br/>
<b>Cookies</b>
<br/>
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive that helps us maintain your authentication to our site thereby allowing you to access the site without repeatedly entering your password. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
<br/>
<br/>
<b>Sharing</b>
<br/>
We may share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
<br/>
<br/>
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
<br/>
<br/>
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
<br/>
<br/>
<b>Surveys</b>
<br/>
From time-to-time our site may request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
<br/>
                </main>
            </ui:define>
        </ui:composition>
    </body>
</html>